.TH man - 3 - "09-11-2021" - "_printf"

.SH NAME.
_printf - Function that produces output according to a format.

.SH SYNOPSIS. 
.B #include "main.h"
    int _printf(const char *format, ...)

.SH DESCRIPTION.
.B _printf()
    The functions printf() write output to stdout the standard 
    output stream; write the output under the control of a
    format string that specifies how subsequent arguments (or
    arguments accessed via the variable-length argument 
    facilities of  stdarg(3)) are converted for output.

.SH Format of the format string.
    The format string is a character string, beginning and ending in
    its initial shift state, if any.  The format string is composed
    of zero or more directives: ordinary characters (not %), which
    are copied unchanged to the output stream; and conversion
    specifications, each of which results in fetching zero or more
    subsequent arguments.  Each conversion specification is
    introduced by the character %, and ends with a conversion
    specifier.  In between there may be (in this order) zero or more
    flags, an optional minimum field width, an optional precision and
    an optional length modifier.

.PP Conversion specifiers
    A character that specifies the type of conversion to be applied.
    
The conversion specifiers and their meanings are:

.TP
.B d, i
    The argument is converted to decimal.

.TP.
.B c
    The argument is converted to an unsigned char, and the resulting 
    character is written.

.TP
.B s
    the const char * argument is expected to be a pointer to an
    array of character type (pointer to a string).

.TP
.B b
    The argument is converted to binary.

.TP
.B o, u, x, X
    The argument is converted to unsigned octal (o),
    unsigned decimal (u), or unsigned hexadecimal (x and X) notation.

.TP
.B %
    '%' is written.  No argument is converted.  The complete conversion 
    specification is '%%'.

.SH RETURN VALUE
    The function return the number of characters printed (excluding the 
    null byte used to end output to strings).

.SH BUGS
    No known bugs yet.

.SH AUTHORS
    Frank Giraldo Arango, 3902@holbertonschool.com
    Carlos Rincón Alvarez, 3901@holbertonschool.com
